# Vision Statement

GO2FIT is a tool that allows people to motivate each other into becoming more active, by allowing users to create and complete a variety of fitness challenges for redeemable points and prizes.

GO2FIT is a way to change how we motivate people into engaging in a more healthy lifestyle. Traditional fitness tools focus on the individual when it comes to goals and motivation. Humans are social beings so the central idea of GO2FIT is to turn fitness into a social game. Users will be able to complete a variety of fitness challenges, allowing them to earn points and compete against their friends and strangers to earn the top spot on the leaderboard. The different types of fitness challenges available vary from walking a certain amount of steps in a specific amount of time, to biking from point A to point B. The challenges offered are meant to be easy to complete, and accessible to anyone. The points they earn can be redeemed towards a variety of fitness prizes. If users have their own goals they would like to meet then they will also be able to set daily, weekly and monthly goals with reminders and notifications to keep them on track. GO2FIT will also be used to track, measure, and store health and workout information, showing each individual how the simple challenges they complete are affecting their overall well being. 

GO2FIT will be used by anyone who lacks time, or motivation when it comes to fitness and exercise. The easy, yet effective challenges GO2FIT offers makes it easy for those who have a tight schedule to do them, and the points awarded for each challenge will give people impetus to do them. This will provide people a reason to perhaps walk to the store instead of drive, or to take the stairs over the elevator, as tasks like these could help them accomplish a challenge. The value these kinds of users gain can be seen through weight loss, something which will improve peoples health and well being, but perhaps even more valuable is the motivation that GO2FIT can provide.

GO2FIT will also be used by people of competitive nature who enjoy exercising. The social leaderboards will allow these people to fight for top spot, competing against friends and strangers alike. They will also be able to create their own custom challenges and earn bonus points if enough people attempt it. These people will get great value by being able to have fun by stimulating their competitive side, and being able to interact with other like minded people.

The app will be considered a success based on three criteria. First, the users of GO2FIT will be asked to compare it with other fitness apps by completing a survey. The statistics from the survey will be used as a barometer of the app’s success. The second criteria will be to see how many calories the average user burns on daily and weekly basis. This will give us a measurable number, and will tell us whether or not the challenges are effective enough. The third criteria will be the number of points redeemed. This will give us a good estimate of how active our users are and whether they actually prefer the concept of getting fit through social challenges and personal goal setting. 
